glossary: safety coinjoin (#1671)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/glossary/Glossary-PrivacyWasabi.md

RPC, or Remote Procedure Call, is an interface to interact with Wasabi Wallet programmatically.
Read more: [RPC Interface](/using-wasabi/RPC.md)

### Safety coinjoin

> Safety coinjoin is a concept to do an extra coinjoin when the user registered only _anonymity score_ 1 (non-private) coins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Safety coinjoin is a concept for doing extra coinjoins after a user registers only _anonymity score_ 1 (non-private) coins in their first round.
```

Author: done, except that I kept coinjoin singular.
_an extra coinjoin_, instead of _extra coinjoins_

> This got added in Wasabi [2.0.6 version](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/releases/tag/v2.0.6) for people who generate a new wallet -> receive a coin -> do one coinjoin -> send all the money out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This was added in Wasabi [2.0.6 version](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/releases/tag/v2.0.6) to increase privacy for people who generate a new wallet -> receive a coin -> do one coinjoin -> send all the money out.
```

> It aims to prevent possible privacy leaks to dedicated outside observers who do analysis on the amount going in and the amount going out (consolidated) minus fees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It aims to prevent targeted analysis that compares the value of consolidated coinjoin outputs with the value of one of the coinjoin's inputs.
```
